feat(http): add discard method to allow quick return from node process (#303)
adobe/fastly-native-promises: README.md

| updateFn | [<code>UpdateFunction</code>](#UpdateFunction) | A function that updates a resource. |
| readFn | [<code>ReadFunction</code>](#ReadFunction) | An optional function that checks for the existence of a resource. |

<a name="Fastly+discard"></a>

#### fastly.discard()

> Remove the existing HTTP client and allow the node process to quit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Free resources bound to the HTTP client (pending sessions/sockets) and allow the node process to quit.
```
